---
layout: blog
title: "The death of a bird."
author: "Ender"
---

Twitter is dead. That may seem like a bold statement to make, especially considering all the activity that's still ongoing within the platform as you read this post. But in my opinion, Twitter is practically dead. The platform is lucky to have stayed alive this long, considering how much it went through in it's early days, yet by a miracle, the platform has managed to keep itself afloat. Until now. With the creation of X Corp, Twitter's new owners, there has been unfortunate decisions making the platform become near unbearable to use. Twitter Blue, a monthly subscription for the platform, is required for quite a lot of actions, including longer tweets, unsending tweets, and possibly the worst Blue related decision, *SMS verification*. You heard that correctly. To have 2FA on, you must pay for Twitter Blue. Now, we should all acknowledge already that having 2FA codes sent by SMS is a very, [*very*](https://www.forbes.com/sites/zakdoffman/2020/10/11/apple-iphone-imessage-and-android-messages-sms-passcode-security-update/) bad idea. Twitter should've removed it ages ago, but to lock it down between Twitter Blue, is an insanely stupid decsion, and a disgusting cashgrab. However, even through all of this, nothing ever happened. People still used Twitter, and although the bird was burning, it wasn't dead just yet. With the recent addition of rate limits, that bird is ready to be eaten. Twitter is now limiting how many tweets people can read in a day. Now this may seem like a good change depending on how you look at it, but it is objectively a bad decision. Twitter forces people to use the "For you" timeline, which is an infinitely generating stream of tweets, all varying in size. Read that again. Tweets have a variation in size, obviously different people have different things they want to say, but that's the problem with the rate limits. People would blow through the limits without even realizing it, leaving them unable to use Twitter, which can be bad for businesses who rely on Twitter for promoting themselves, or people who use Twitter to catch up with the news. It's impossible to use the platform without getting limited, causing you to be unable to use the platform. Unfortunately, that isn't the end of it. Meta has released a competitor to Twitter, Threads, which could possibly eliminate all possible market for Twitter, moving it to a Meta owned platform. Although Twitter isn't that privacy friendly in itself, you should **never** trust a Meta product. This bird isn't dying, it's dead already. Roast or boiled?